hey guys it's taylor with andrew de me
calm we're doing a quick little hands-on
with detroit pro but mobile office is
our new high-end phone really targeted
at the business crowd the business you
hear they've added a whole lot of unique
software features to this phone that you
won't see in the droid x and enjoy to
nestle arena unique things your
corporations like remote satellite
higher encryption you know a bunch of
much stuff for business users we're just
going to quickly walk through the
hardware you can see i guess the main
thing that's so unique about this guide
is the form factor very blackberry s
inspired this is worse is like a three
point one inch hvga screen and is the
keyboard let me see if I'm show you
these buttons students have a real nice
texture sticking up to them the very
good feedback typed on these I mean
feels really nice walking around the
outside of the phone we just have the
volume rocker micro USB charging port
and on the side here this is a dedicated
button that you can assign right now
they don't have to sign anything but
I've seen them that you can assign it to
your calendar or you know your text
messages stuff like that on the top
screen lock 3.5 million hits a Jack the
bugs up front these are all touch touch
capacitive buttons first normal Harbor
but what they do have this voice bet on
it which is pretty nice you can go
straight to the voice functions navigate
etc let's see I already run some
benchmarks on here this is you know same
1 gigahertz texas instruments omap
processor you can see here your quadrant
and i was just part of a generic
benchmark scored 14 45 which is on par
with all the other one gigahertz phones
have been tried to point to let's see i
also want to show you the multi-touch
this one I don't know what touch sensors
in here it's not the app now they're the
atmel can track that there are four
points this one tracks two points so it
won't do three or four so average touch
screen yeah let me show you a size four
very samberg PLO there's a g2
you can see about the same height look
at them side-by-side GT is a little
thicker this little bit thinner let me
show you the back they did some real
nice styling here we zoom in oh there's
no I want to focus swimming
very nice graphic on the back horizon of
course 5 megapixel camera dual LED flash
shoot 720p HD video overall really cool
device especially if you're someone that
likes to compact qwerty however we'll
see anything like this for Android so
this should be in stores on verizon
later this year I don't think we have an
exact launch date check out verizon calm
or a motorway calm now the full specs of
info up there thank you guys for tuning
in check back more less more hands-on
videos thinking